feat: OpenTofu support to helm chart (#430)
runatlantis/helm-charts: charts/atlantis/README.md

| customPem | string | `""` | Allows to override the /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.cer with your custom one. You have to create a secret with the specified name. |
| dataStorage | string | `""` | DEPRECATED - Disk space available to check out repositories. Example: 5Gi. |
| defaultTFVersion | string | `""` | Sets the default terraform version to be used in atlantis server. Check values.yaml for examples. |

> | defaultTFVersion | string | `terraform` | Sets the default distribution to be used in atlantis server. Check values.yaml for examples. |

Reviewer: You probably meant:
```suggestion
| defaultTFDistribution | string | `terraform` | Sets the default terraform distribution to use. Can be set to terraform or opentofu. |
```
